== Overview==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sign Language Reader is a project that can translate sign language, from a video or web camera, into text and other actions in real-time.

== Usability ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  * Visually Impaired can use for sign based commands / keyboard replacement.
  * Dumb people can use to communicate by adding a Text to Speech Feature to communicate     over VOIP.
  * Elderly people for convenience.

== Features ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Maintaining database of features ( synching features).
* Training / Incremental.
* Adding Multiple Techniques / Voting / Support.
* Text to speech / Integration with GUI.
* Mobile Interface.

== Future Work == 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* All type of Expressions.
* Scale Invariant/ Rotation Invariant.
* Sequence Identification in a Finite Automata.
* Combinations of facial & hold expressions.

==Architecture & Design==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

sdjfhasghdfrugbvtk geriutvberutvbgreigf rkeutvbsd kfgbeivt gwertqpa;eytiuertyg
ufvbrew gfhbevtger higebsytg e;roitybve;rlig
fwev gfrakgbyergha;fhjksgbviudfhvgidf

==Team Members==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Mentor: Ojas Mulay: ojasmulay at gmail dot com

* Anurag Biyani: biyani dot usc at edu
* Parth : 
* Prakhar Garg: gargp at usc dot edu
* Mayank Misra: mmisra at usc dot edu
* Ankit Sharma: ankit at usc dot edu
* Umang Jain: ujain at usc dot edu
* Nishkam Agrawal: nishkama at usc dot edu